Update to React 17 (#2329)
terrestris/react-geo: src/Panel/Panel/Panel.example.md

</Panel>
```

<!-- TODO: for some reason, x and y needs to be defined when width and height are given 
  or else it will a transform class with a translate() method will be passed to the style (e.g. transform: translate(523px, 584px))

>   With the latest update of react-rnd 10.2.1 to 10.3.4 this issue persists which probably means the error is coming from the Panel Component. Adding the x,y is a workaround for now, but this issue should be addressed in another PR.

Reviewer: Please create an issue instead.

Author: Opened ---> https://github.com/terrestris/react-geo/issues/2330

> <!-- TODO: for some reason, x and y needs to be defined when width and height are given 
>   or else it will a traansform class with a traanslaate() method will be passed to the style (e.g. transform: translate(523px, 584px))
>   With the latest update of react-rnd 10.2.1 to 10.3.4 this issue persists which probaably means the errors is coming from the Panel Component. Adding the x,y is a workaround for now, but this issue should be addressed in another PR 
> -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<!-- TODO: for some reason, x and y needs to be defined when width and height are given 
  or else it will a transform class with a translate() method will be passed to the style (e.g. transform: translate(523px, 584px))
  With the latest update of react-rnd 10.2.1 to 10.3.4 this issue persists which probably means the error is coming from the Panel Component. Adding the x,y is a workaround for now, but this issue should be addressed in another PR.
-->
```

<Panel
  style={{position: 'relative'}}
  title="Initial size (673 * 134)"
  resizeOpts={true}
  width={673}
  height={134}
>

>   <img src="https://www.koeln.de/files/images/Karnevalstrikot_Spieler_270.jpg" />

Reviewer: Is this diff intended?
